hello I'm Jim Seward director of the
school of hoops basketball academy in
Omaha Nebraska as coaches and players we
are all interested in improving our
ability to make more shots we would like
to demonstrate just how you can make
more shots of all kinds by utilizing the
revolutionary oven in most shots are you
the short or long and therefore the up
and in helps to develop consistency and
the two most critical components of the
shop are and distance here's why this is
what helped you set this thing and shoot
through this thing and the shooter
learns the proper muscle memory to shoot
that ball so by having to shoot through
the target area at the top of the oven
end it forces you to shoot correctly and
therefore the more times you shoot the
better chance you have to develop a
consistent
because it's adjustable the up and in is
suitable for everybody of all ages and
skill levels even on baskets that are
not going to be high to find the correct
arc is a simple trial and error method
to adjust it to where you find the
shooter is consistently making shots I
think any shooter that has enough power
to get the ball to the rim and we
benefit once again forces them to shoot
correctly and that was the intent with
coming up with this particular product
you know if you can dribble you can you
can catch a pass into it you can be
stationary you can be moving prior to
but in the end you have to shoot
correctly in terms of the direction of
your arm and that's to lift your arm and
the up any ensures that well there are
several players who have purchased the
up and in for our own use use it on the
driveway or the playground near the home
there are coaches that are utilizing the
up and in with our team practices and
and easily transported to and from
practice every time it's easy to
assemble disassemble and lightweight
moves around very well durable so it's a
it's a great product for uses of all
kinds in order to make more shots order
your up and in by going to ww school
abuse calm